c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ball.xnb
c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MichaelHundreths.exe
c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MichaelHundreths.pdb
c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\obj\x86\Debug\MichaelHundreths.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\obj\x86\Debug\MichaelHundreths.exe
c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\obj\x86\Debug\MichaelHundreths.pdb
c:\users\visitordl8\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font.xnb
C:\Users\VisitorDL8\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\GameFont.xnb
C:\Users\VisitorDL8\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\obj\x86\Debug\MichaelHundreths.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\MichaelWang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\obj\x86\Debug\MichaelHundreths.exe
C:\Users\MichaelWang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\obj\x86\Debug\MichaelHundreths.pdb
C:\Users\MichaelWang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ball.xnb
C:\Users\MichaelWang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font.xnb
C:\Users\MichaelWang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\GameFont.xnb
C:\Users\MichaelWang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MichaelHundreths.exe
C:\Users\MichaelWang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MichaelHundreths.pdb
C:\Users\MichaelWang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\MichaelWang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\MichaelWang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\MichaelWang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\MichaelWang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\MichaelWang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\MichaelWang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\MichaelWang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\MichaelWang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\MichaelWang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\MichaelWang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\MichaelWang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\MichaelWang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\MichaelWang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\MichaelWang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\MichaelWang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\MichaelWang\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MichaelHundreths\MichaelHundreths\obj\x86\Debug\MichaelHundreths.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
